ready Arnold of all money so we're good
for Freddie
it's great free those March March is our
lecture by you like I was actually going
over got so many thanks very much cooler
inside and whatever you look good it
doesn't look good I got this right your
wife's oh look that's good okay good my
project is in oklahoma city in general
that's cool shot right off yeah so my
eyes don't feels good he's dating too
much down over here i'm on break up over
your problem oh nice right to a rep
block then i got power now all right now
I'm solo so long can you hold up work so
what are your books
no trouble no more we see to cover one
more time here yeah I had a friend who
dragged me kicking the stream food
restaurant I did not care well good
business are you doing
he took me there chilterns that time yet
several restaurant kitchen yeah you were
reger pedestrian changing chef in which
we tested actually considered a that
game changer boys I never said that one
day every row fiction I'm change my life
forever everything that's pretty major
step in American fish chicken everything
every night to raw eggs next I came back
after that I sure hope I freshman day
with Maggie from that one meal change
the whole life to ninja you might be
there you see my I have a length of this
mess you can't go home and have you do
that Salinas thing okay good
out where are you